Update getServerSideProps docs with req.cookie note (#29457)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md

The `context` parameter is an object containing the following keys:

- `params`: If this page uses a dynamic route, `params` contains the route parameters. If the page name is `[id].js` , then `params` will look like `{ id: ... }`. To learn more, take a look at the [Dynamic Routing documentation](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md).

> - `req`: [The HTTP IncomingMessage object](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_incomingmessage), plus additional [built-in parsing helpers](#built-in-contextreq-parsing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `req`: [The HTTP IncomingMessage object](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_incomingmessage), plus additional [built-in parsing helpers](#provided-req-middleware-in-getserversideprops).
```

> - `req`: [The HTTP IncomingMessage object](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_incomingmessage), with an additional `req.cookies` attribute – an object containing the cookies sent by the request (defaults to `{}`).

Reviewer 2: I think we need a more formal definition here.

For example, [API routes](
https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) uses the following:

- req: An instance of http.IncomingMessage, plus some [pre-built middlewares](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/api-middlewares)
- res: An instance of http.ServerResponse, plus some [helper functions](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/response-helpers)

cc @leerob @molebox

Author: @styfle yeah good call, I was wondering about that too 🤔

> - `req`: [The HTTP IncomingMessage object](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_incomingmessage), plus [some built-in parsing](#built-in-contextreq-parsing).

Reviewer 3: Lets try to be more explicit when we are describing things and linking to other places.

How about:
```suggestion
- `req`: [The HTTP IncomingMessage object](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_incomingmessage), plus additional [built-in parsing helpers](#built-in-contextreq-parsing).
```

>
> Fetching from an external API is fine!

> ### Built-in `context.req` parsing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provided `req` middleware in `getServerSideProps`
```

> To improve the developer experience, the `context.req` request object received by `getServerSideProps` is pre-parsed to include some additional helpful properties. Those properties are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `req` in the context passed to `getServerSideProps` provides built in middleware that parses the incoming request (req). That middleware is:
```

Tweaked the wording a bit to try to match closer to https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/api-middlewares

> - `context.req.cookies` - An object containing the cookies sent by the request. Defaults to `{}`

Author: @styfle  @leerob @molebox took another stab at this, with a dedicated sub-section for `context.req` built-in parsing. What do you all think?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I was thinking there were more helpers than just `cookies` but then I checked the type and its just `cookies` like you mentioned 

https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/c27e3a41dcf9590fb1c9ba9b9e16517cf4cb49b4/packages/next/types/index.d.ts#L148-L151

And it looks like `res` doesn't have any helpers so maybe its best to go back to your original commit where it was mentioned inline.

Reviewer 2: Or maybe we discovered a strange behavior where `getServerSideProps()` differs to much from API Routes and we should try to use the same helpers for both 🤔

Reviewer 3: Personally, I don't think it hurts to have this extra section, even if it just talks about 1 helper. Nice for google foo

Author: I agree with @molebox, I like that we'd be able to deeplink to this section. Additionally, this makes it easier to expand the list in the future if we do want to get to parity with the API route helpers

> - `context.req.cookies` - An object containing the cookies sent by the request. Defaults to `{}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `req.cookies` - An object containing the cookies sent by the request. Defaults to `{}`
```
Let's remove the `context` prefix here
